# Project Manual/Definition of Done

To ensure the application's quality and maintain a consistent understanding of the final project, we created a definition of done. At the end of the test phase - thus, at the end of the project - the definitions written down here will be enquired and compared to the finished project to determine whether all criteria were accomplished.


## Process Model

YAAC's process model is [Kanban](https://kanbanguides.org/english/). The Kanban board can be found [here](https://github.com/orgs/DHBW-SE-2023/projects/1). 

Our Definition of Workflow is the following:

Work items are implemented as issues in the Kanban board. They are usually written into the backlog. If the issue will be addressed in the next sprint, it will be dragged into the column "To-do". There a developer can assign themselves to the issue, or they can be assigned to it by another person. If the assigned person started working on the issue, it will be dragged into "In Progress". After finishing the work on it, the assignee moves it into "Done" where the issue can be closed and moved into "Previous" at last. The issue closing will be done in the weekly scrum meeting.

The other part of our process model consists of agile methods. We welcome changing requirements, as we adjust them to the best outcome for the user. To do so, we meet up at least once a week to review the issues done during that week and discuss what we plan on developing the next week.


## Guidelines

### Coding Guidelines

Most of the Coding Guidelines are automatically implemented in Go as they get enforced by the compiler. All language specifications are linked [here](https://go.dev/ref/spec). The following list describes the most important aspects.


- Gofmt: Tool that formats Go code according to the standard Go formatting guidelines, ensures consistency in code formatting. Infos about Gofmt [here](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/gofmt).
- Godoc: Tool that generates documentation automatically from source code comments. A guide for how to use GoDoc is linked [here](/Pages/GoDoc.md).
- GitHub: Tool for version control to manage the codebase. For better version control a [pipeline](/Pages/Pipeline.md) was created.
- Naming Convention: Descriptive names for variables, functions, packages, types. Use camelCase convention.
- Comments: Clear comments to explain the purpose, behaviour and usage of functions, types, packages.
- Error Handling: Use built-in error handling mechanism in Go by returning errors along with function results. Appropriate error handling.
- Package Organization: Code organization into logical packages and files by grouping related functionalities withing a package. Avoid large packages.
- Avoid Global State: Minimize the use of global variables.
- Function Max Length: The maximal length of a function is 30 lines.
- Testing: Write comprehensive unit tests for your code using the built-in testing framework in Go. 
    - Naming convention for test files: _test.go suffix.
    - Naming convention for test functions: Names start with Test.
- Go Modules: Use for managing dependencies in the project. Declare dependencies explicitly in your go.mod file and avoid vendor directories.

To check the code for coding smells, staticcheck was implemented to the project.
Furthermore, a local SonarQube instance was created to scan for even more code smells, bugs, safety issues and vulnerabilities.

The setup of staticcheck and SonarQube is described [here]()



## Acceptance Criteria

All functions that were defined as neccessary must be implemented and included in YAAC.

### Functionality

- [ ] Is YAAC available for Windows?
- [ ] Does YAAC recognize all emails regarding attendance as defined in the requirements?
- [ ] Is the amount of images that are processed correctly acceptable?
- [ ] Can the secretary view both the original and the analyzed list?
- [ ] Is the secretary able to amend lists?
- [ ] Can the secretary add a list manually to the application?
- [ ] Does the database store all data in the correct way- including possible chages made afterwards?

### Appearance

- [ ] Is the user interface design modern and appealing?
- [ ] Is the frontend designed using the declared style standards for the format of buttons, text and images?
- [x] Is there a logo present that represents YAAC?

## Testing and Quality Management

The application was tested multiple times regarding functionality and operationality.

### Functionality

- [ ] Was the application tested on different operating systems/different devices?
- [ ] Are unit tests available for database and image processing?
- [ ] Are integration tests available?
- [ ] Are cross platform tests available?
- [ ] Has a user acceptance tests been done and documented? (Mrs. Schmidt)

### Operationality

- [ ] Are all important app functions available on the main view of the app? (Overview of the courses, ability to add lists)
- [ ] Is the app handling intuitive?
- [ ] Is the app running in the background and fetching mails as it is supposed to?
- [ ] Have stress test been performed?
- [ ] Is there a stable compiled and running version?

## Documentation

The work, the program code the application itself have been documented sufficiently and the documents were reviewed and marked as correct.

- [ ] Is a documentation of the work available and reviewed?
- [ ] Is a documentation of the code available and reviewed?
- [ ] Is a documentation of the application available and reviewed?
- [ ] Is a user manual available?
- [ ] Were the coding guidelines and standards adhered to?


# Definition of Ready

The DoR criteria present an overview of the project that inquires if the app idea is purposive and whether the implementation can begin.

Is the project:

- [ ] valuable
- [ ] defined correctly
- [ ] scaled correctly
- [ ] doable
- [ ] testable



---





<!--
Steps of Process:

- Email integration
- Image Processing
- User interface
- Database

## Email Integration

A user sends an email to the secretary's office. As the project runs in the background, YAAC detects the new mail as an attendance list by checking the subject of the mail which contains specific phrases like "Anwesenheitsliste", "Anwesenheit", "Liste". If one of these phrases has been found, YAAC checks if the mail has an image as attachment. The image in the attachment will be extracted and send to the image processing module.

## Image Processing

This module accepts the image from mail integration and analyzes its contents. The image must contain a table with two columns. The column on the left entails the students names in alphabetical order. The column on the right is the place where the signatures should be located.   

## User Interface

T

## Database





Prozessmodelle: Ein Prozessmodell beschreibt, wie die Ergebnisse einer Dienstleistung zustande kommen.
• Festlegung der Prozessschritte
• Definition von Schnittstellen

[S. 15](https://hdms.bsz-bw.de/frontdoor/deliver/index/docId/275/file/Diplomarbeit.PDF)

-->
<!--
## Quality Management

- Accuracy: Ensuring that the system accurately identifies and extracts signatures from images of attendance sheets. This involves implementing robust image processing algorithms and machine learning models to minimize errors and false positives/negatives.
- Reliability: Consistently providing reliable results in determining attendance. YAAC should be able to handle various types of attendance sheets and signatures with a high level of reliability, regardless of factors such as image quality or handwriting variability.
- Efficiency: Optimizing the system's performance to process attendance sheets quickly and efficiently. This includes minimizing processing time and resource usage while maintaining accuracy and reliability.
- Usability: Designing an intuitive and user-friendly interface for users to interact with the system. The interface should make it easy for users to upload attendance images, view results and modify them if necessary.
- Security: The data stored in the database should be protected by security measures.
- Compliance: YAAC has to comply with GDPR.
- Documentation: Documenting the entire project entirely and understandably. This includes the project management documentation, the user documentation and the [developmental documentation](https://github.com/DHBW-SE-2023/YAAC/tree/master/docs) using [GoDoc](/3rdTry/GoDoc.md).


## Configuration Management

Configuration management for YAAC involves the systematic management of the software's configuration items, including its codebase, dependencies, settings, and documentation. The primary goals of configuration management are to:

- Version Control and Documentation Management: [YAAC](https://github.com/DHBW-SE-2023) is managed as an organization on github. Both the documentation and the project itself are tracked there.
<font color = red>
- Build Management: The build should be done as easy as possible. Therefore, the deployable product should have as few external dependencies as possible.
</font>
- Change Management: A process for requesting, reviewing, approving, and implementing changes to the software should be established. The final github pipeline is described [here](/3rdTry/Pipeline.md).
- Release Management: Coordinate the planning, scheduling, and deployment of software releases. This involves ensuring that releases are properly tested, documented, and packaged for distribution to users.
-->

