# Team Planning

The YAAC project team consists of seven team members. We worked on the project from October 13th 2023 to March 1st 2024. In this time period, we found the idea for YAAC, planned the basic concept, defined all funcitonalities, tested tools and techniques, developed the app itself and tested it both by programs and by user tests.

## Absence 
The absences for the whole period were planned in advance so the whole team could react and adapt. 
- Max Alberti:     12.12.2023-01.01.2024
- Daniel Siegert:  12.12.2023-01.01.2024
- Vinzent Engel:   12.12.2023-01.01.2024
- Eva Matz:        12.12.2023-01.01.2024
- Eric Erath:      12.12.2023-01.01.2024
- Leander Gmeiner: 12.12.2023-01.01.2024 & 05.02.2024-09.02.2024

The main target was to handle the vaction in a way to avoid periods where the team would be understaffed. 
By doing so we could reassure that the whole team was involved in all decisions and progresses made along the process. 

## Training 
Crucial part for the succession of this project was it to handle necessary trainings as soon as possible, so that everybody would be capable of handling their respective tasks as soon as we'd start with the implementation. 
Therefore we started with the training right after defining the critical technology as well as the used software. 

Since almost the whole team didn't work with Go as well as the Fyne Framework yet we started with a 2 week training session. While that time everybody would get familiar with the programming language so that tasks could be assigned flexible. 

Besides that the Image Processing team would need some additional time to gather understanding about the way how GoCv worked.