# Functional Specifications (Pflichtenheft)

# Table of Contents

<font color="red">Muss nochmal am Ende des Projekts überarbeitet werden!!!</font>

1. [Introduction](#1.-introduction)
2. [General Description](#2.-general-description)
2.1 [Objective and Purpose of the Document](#2.1-objective-and-purpose-of-the-document)
2.2 [Project reference and dependencies](#2.2-project-reference-and-dependencies)
2.3 [Abbrevations](#2.3-abbreviation)
2.4 [Teams and third party involvement](#2.4-teams-and-third-party-involvement)
3. [Concept and general conditions](#3.-concept-and-general-conditions)
3.1 [Field of application](#3.1-field-of-application)
3.2 [System requirements](#3.2-system-requirements)
3.3 [Delimitations](#3.3-delimitations)
4. [Functional Requirements](#4-functional-requirements)
4.1 [Email integration](#4.1-email-integration)
4.2 [Image Processing](#4.2-image-processing)
4.3 [User Interface](#4.3-user-interface)
4.4 [User Experience](#4.4-user-experience)
5. [Nonfunctional Requirements](#5.-nonfunctional-requirements)





## 1. Introduction

YAAC is the application designed to simplify the attendance check at DHBW Friedrichshafen. Automating the secretary's task of checking all signatures of the attendance list, the everyday work is reduced and the secretary's office is less busy and can take care of more important matters. To achieve that, YAAC automatically fetches all relevant email regarding the attendance of students from the mail server and processes the images so that the detected missing students can be reported back to the user. The customer is represented by Mr. Kegreiß.

The project scope is the planning and definition of the project, the conceptual realization followed by the implementation and testing. The release of the application in an app store is not part of the project implementation. The scope of delivery includes an application that runs on both Windows and Linux, the documentation of the individual development phases as well as the necessary diagrams and a user manual.



## 2. General Description

### 2.1 Objective and purpose of the document

This document is used to document all functional and non-functional requirements that must be fulfilled in order for the project to be considered successful. It is also used for quality assurance and as a communication document between the developer and customer to record the implementation in text form and avoid misunderstandings. It also provides a certain legal basis if the project is not completed according to the customer's wishes.

### 2.2 Project reference and dependencies

The project is self-contained and does not contain any dependencies on other projects. Additional functionalities, such as the installation of a mail server are not included in the implemented basic product, which also means that there are no dependencies on third parties.

### 2.3 Abbreviations

- UI: User Interface
- YAAC: Yet Another Attendance Checker

### 2.4 Teams and third party involvement

The development team works independently <font color = "red">with the Product Owner and Scrum Master</font> on the development and implementation of the project. There are no further dependencies on third parties.

### 2.5 Obligatory Criteria

As YAAC is supposed to replace a part of the attendance-check-process, it needs to be easy to use without any over complex features. The application has to have a settings page in which various settings and alterations can be implemented in a precise manner. 
The program performance should not influence normal system operation. It also needs to run completely local on the computer and it has to be able to keep its process automatically alive while working in the background so that mails can detected at all time. YAAC was built as an open source project, which is why it is important to fulfill all requirements of an open source license. The license does not necessarily have to be a specific one.

## 2.6 Differentiation/Separation of Criteria

YAAC does not not aim for replacing neither the human at the workplace nor the whole attendance checking process. Its goal is to automate the repetitive task of fetching the images of the attendance lists from the emails, sent by the spokespersons of the different courses, and checking if a signature of a given student is missing. This is currently done manually. To achieve this, YAAC runs locally on a computer to mitigate data protection regulations and it provides a user interface to allow fast corrections and overviews of the fetched attendance lists. It is seen as a complement to the current attendance checking workflow to improve its efficiency and effectivity. Since we have not been given access to the DHBW's internal webmail client and we are not allowed or able to connect Dualis, YAAC has no integrations with other systems, which would mean complete automation of the attendance lists. 


## 3. Concept and general conditions

### 3.1 Field of Application

YAAC was specifically designed for the usage at the computer science department of the university DHBW Ravensburg Campus Friedrichshafen, as the attendance checking process is quite specific. Therefore YAAC is only suitable for a limited field of application. After further development of the image processing unit, it is also possible to include other secretariats from other departments.

<font color = "red"> 

### 3.2 System requirements
The host operating system is Windows 10/11 and virtualisation is enabled. Furthermore Docker (and maybe Docker Desktop) should be installed using WSL2 as the virtualistation software.

## 4. Product Overview

<!--"Alle wichtigen Geschäftsprozesse in Form eines Übersichtsdiagramms"-->

# 5. Product Functions

<!--"Detailierung der Funktionen aus dem Lastenheft, ggfs. Gliederung nach Geschäftsprozessen, Listen, Reports"-->


### 5.1 Functional Requirements

### 5.1.1 Email integration

The user should enter the email login details for the email address to which the lists are sent. Then, triggert either by a button or triggered automatically in the background, the mail is retrieved and checked to see if there are any new mails with lists. The images are then extracted from the lists, analysed and entered into the database. Finally, all processed mails are marked as read.

### 5.1.2 Image processing

The image processing should recognize the sheet of paper on the image and the table on it. The rows and columns are recognized based on this. The printed text is recognized in the left-hand column, while the valid signature fields are recognized in the right-hand column. There must be exactly one signature in this signature field to fulfill the requirements. The list of student names is exported with the information as to whether a valid signature is present.

Image processing requires a certain layout of the attendance list. The photo must contain a table with three columns, whereby the first column only numbers the course participants and therefore is kept small. The second column contains the names of the course participants in the following format: last name, first name, middle name. The third column is for the signatures. These are to be written with a document-proof pen.
The top line contains the course name and the course abbreviation (e.g.: Informationstechnik TIT22) in the left, and the date, the room and the lecturer in the right-hand column.
The bottom lines remain blank if the course table does not need the whole page.
Below the table, which extends over the entire sheet, there is a framed footer. However, this typed paragraph is irrelevant for image recognition as it always contains the same information and is not of particular importance. An example list can be found in the project YAAC <font color="green">[here]()</font>

### 5.1.3 User interface

YAAC implements the user face that is described in [User Interface](#8-user-interface). It is easy to read and use. The requirements are also described in [9. User Interface](#9-user-interface).


### 5.2 Nonfunctional Requirements

The following chapter describes the features from the requirement specifications in detail.
<!--"Anforderungen, die sich nicht auf die Funktionalität oder Benutzerschnittstelle beziehen z.B. Barrierefreiheit, Einhaltung von Normen und Gesetzen, Zertifizierung, Sicherheit, Plattformunabhängigkeit"-->

</font>

### 5.2.1 Document management

All files and documents belonging to the project can be found in the git organization called [YAAC](https://github.com/DHBW-SE-2023). The team creates a Wiki to collect all documents and information in order to provide all project participants with a good overview of all content.
This should be structured according to the respective phases of the development process and clearly laid out to make it easier to find the necessary information, documents or diagrams.

### 5.2.2 Version control

As mentioned above, the project uses Git for version managemenent, and the service GitHub is used as location to store the files at. As result, the source code of the application can be managed and its development can be tracked clearly. 

<font color = "red">

### 5.2.3 Project conventions

To ensure consistent work with uniformly documented results, conventions are introduced for source code, version management and documentation. These project conventions can be found in [3.2.0DesignPatterns](/Pages/3Design/3.2.0DesignPatterns.md) 

### 5.2.4 Platform independency

YAAC requires either a combination of WSL and docker or a Linux distribution combined with Docker and either X11 or XWayland.

## 6. Product Data

YAAC saves the analyzed data in a database. The attributes saved there are the following: 
- list (image)
- date
- course
- student names
- status of attendance

<!--"Langfristig zu speichernden Daten aus Benutzersicht mit Mengengerüst"-->


## 7. Product Performance
The program's GUI should be responsive and react quickly to user input. Furthermore its graphical interface should be learned easily.
Tasks that take longer, like the image processing for example, are run in the background and the user is only informed if they are completed or if they fail.

The image processing may take a longer time of up to (ideally) one minute, though it is fine if it takes longer than that, as the user is not actively waiting for it to complete.

<!--"Leistungsanforderungen bzgl. Zeit oder Genauigkeit für Produktdaten"-->

## 8. Quality Requirements
The data that is stored are the names and signatures of the students. This data can be considered private information and is therefore only stored locally on the user's PC.
The attendance list processing should confidently (> 95%) identify the students names. The signature validation does not have as strict constraints, as signatures are difficult to validate, as every person has their own unique version. More than 75% of signatures should be validated correctly.

<!--"Qualitätsmerkmale und einzuhaltende Standards"-->

</font>

## 9. User Interface

The project implements the in [2.3.0PrototypeUI](/Pages/2Definition/2.3.0PrototypeUI.md) described UI design. The text size is easy to read and all in all, the UI is easy to use. For simple and quick navigation through the different views, a navigation bar menu is implemented on the left side of the screen. All views are linked there which serves as an overview of all views. The views and their <font color="red">reason for existence - functions?</font> are described in the following.

### 9.1 Home View

The home view is the main page of the application. It presents an overview of all computer science courses, for each of which it is noted whether a list has already been received from today or not. If a list already exists, the students concerned are displayed directly in the fields in the event of an absence. The user should also be able to enter a list manually from the home view. The courses themselves are implemented in such a way that they navigate the user to the respective course on the course view page with a click.

<font color="green"> BILD </font>

### 9.2 Course View

The course view shows a detailed view of the selected course. The selection of courses is implemented simply using two drop-down menus, one of which determines the year and the other the course.
In the special course view itself, the course list can be seen, with absent students highlighted in red. From there it is also possible to view the original image and the image analyzed by YAAC. If a student subsequently registers as present in the office, the user can change this in the list at a later date. Even in the rare case that the image processing has made a mistake, this can be corrected in the course view.


<font color="red">

### 9.3 Settings View

In the settings view, the user can change the settings of the YAAC application. 


## 10. Technical Product Environment


### 10.1 Software
To run the software on the end-users system `Docker` using WSL2 as virtualisation (assuming that the user uses Windows 10/11). No further software should be necessary to install. WSL2 already has the basic capability build in to run X11-aware applications.

<!--"Betriebssystem, Laufzeitumgebung, Datenbank, etc.)-->

### 10.2 Hardware
The computer on which the software is run needs an internet connection and a virtualistation capable CPU. The CPU is also recommended to support SIMD instructions, s.t. image processing operations can take advantage of them.

<!--"CPU, Peripherie, minmale Konfiguration"-->

### 10.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

### 10.4 Product development interfaces

The interface for maintenance of the database as well as the interface to the email integration is implemented in the settings view.

<!--(Interface for maintenance and integration)-->

## 11. Specific requirements for development environment

### 11.1 Software
To develop the program the operating systems Debian/Ubuntu are recommended. This is because all required packages are available through `apt`. Alternatively Arch Linux can also be used, though there are problems with the Gosseract library finding the `leptonica` library. The program needs to be compiled with the CGO_LDFLAGS accordingly overriden (See https://github.com/DHBW-SE-2023/YAAC/pull/85/commits/8104bc94b70c2832642a4bfef05bcf23f385f7d0 for details).
The following libraries are needed to run the application locally:
```
- OpenCV and OpenCV-Contrib along with the development libraries
- TesseractOCR, development libraries for Tesseract and Tesseract Deu for the data for the German language.
- X11 Server and according libraries need to be installed for the GUI to run.
```
As the application is later shipped using Docker, Docker Desktop should also be installed to test whether this works.
To inspect and debug the database of the application it is also recommended to install `sqlite3`.

### 11.2 Hardware
The suggested operating system to use for development is Debian/Ubuntu. On these systems the required packages for Tesseract OCR and OpenCV are present. If the developer does not wish to install one of these OSes on their hardware it is also possible to use an emulated environment via i.e. WSL2 or VMWare Workstation. Therefore the CPU and host Operating System need to support virtualisation.
Furthermore the program can be run in a Docker container on any operating system. If the developer wishes to use this approach, virtualistation capabilities are also needed.
A reasonably powerful CPU improves the developer experience, as GoCV needs to compile the C++ bindings each time the program is compiled. The program uses also Tesseract OCR for character recognition, so to run manual tests and the progam tests a CPU using SIMD can speed them up.

### 11.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

## 12. Breakdown in Subproducts

There are the following sub-products:

- image processing
- mail integration
- database
- UI

Since the image-processing process is the core element of our project, this is the first to be worked on. At the same time, a mockup of the user interface is created, which already describes and defines the structure of the application.  

[ComponentDiagram](/Diagrams/ComponentDiagram.uxf) - passt das zum Thema?

<!--"Teilprodukte aus Sicht des Auftraggebers und Reihenfolge, in der die Teile entwickelt werden"-->

## 13. Additions

### 13.1 Testing and quality assurance

The system should be extensively tested and checked to ensure its quality. For this purpose, various test procedures are used and carried out on different end-user devices. <!--The test methods and their results can be found in the appendix. "E.g. definition of installation conditions, such as structural and spatial requirements, test data, standards, regulations, patents, licenses and external support" -->




</font>














<!--

---



<font color = "red"> 
## Description of Product 
- good readability
- created right after planning phase

## Product Requirements
- distinct identification
- adequately detailed
- Unambiguous
- testable
- atomic

## As Standardized as Possible
- IEEE SRS
- IEEE Standard 830

----

</font>

# 1. Definition of Goals

This section defines the criteria YAAC has to accomplish. By differentiating between obligatory and desirably criteria, it is made clear which of them are essential goals for the project and which are somewhat "nice-to-have". There also will be a separation of criteria that YAAC does not wish to fulfill. Therefore, the set limitations of are marked out.

## 1.1 Obligatory Criteria

The following criteria has to be implicated as they ensure the YAAC's stable use. If one or multiple criteria do not work, YAAC cannot be used reliably. 

<font color = "red"> 

### General

As YAAC is supposed to replace a part of the attendance-check-process, it needs to be easy to use without any over complex features. The application has to have a settings page in which various settings and alterations can be implemented in a precise manner. 
The program performance should not influence normal system operation. It also needs to run locally on the computer (?) and it has to be able to keep its process automatically alive while working in the background so that mails can detected at all time. YAAC was built as an open source project, which is why it is important to fulfill all requirements of an open source license. The license does not necessarily have to be a specific one.

### Mail Integration

The mail integration must work reliably.

### Image Processing

Image processing needs to run reliably. As the user usually will trust on the program's output, image processing should have a convincing accuracy. It also needs to display all kinds of edge cases so that the user can decide the final outcome.

### HMI

The HMI is an user interface. YAAC is available as an application for desktop systems (WHAT KINDS?). The UI has fixed [design guidelines](/Pages/FrontendDesignguidelines.md) and needs a clear structure and a simple handling. The user experience should be good. The lists should be shown both as original picture and as analyzed picture. The missing names should be visualized directly so that the most important information is easily accessible. 

</font>

## 1.2 Optional Criteria

As this section's criteria is not needed for assuring a reliable app usage, it will not necessarily be implemented into YAAC. However, their implementation would benefit YAAC's user experience.

### General

Some sort of user documentation would be helpful. As it is a prototype, there exists no experience of how to handle the app the best, therefore a help-page in the program would be beneficial. On the other hand, YAAC is supposed to be easy to use, therefore it should be self explanatory, which makes the user documentation optional again.
Another possible feature is making a project website on GitHub Pages and including a welcome page for the application itself. An advertisement video would be a great addition to the project because it would also function as an introductory video.

Another optional feature is a backup of YAAC's database. Concerning data integrity, a database backup should be necessarily implemented, but as the images can still be found in the user's inbox and the output data (the missing students) have to be written down in another university owned program, all data is already stored elsewhere. The backup could be done by implementing the database in a cloud service. Therefore the backup would be a nice to have, but it is not a strictly essential for the program. 

<font color = "red">

## 1.3 Differentiation/Separation of Criteria

YAAC does not aim for replacing neither the human at the workplace nor the whole attendance checking process. It is seen as a complement to the current attendance checking workflow to improve its effectivity.
</font>

# 2. Usage of Product

The following section defines YAAC's field of application, target audience and operating conditions.




<font color = "red"> 

## 2.3 Operating Conditions

(phys. Umgebung, tägl. Betriebszeit, Beaufsichtigen des laufenden Systems)
YAAC supports the operating systems Windows, Linux and MacOS. To be able to detect incoming mails at all time, the program runs in the background even if it is not actively used.

# 3. Product Overview

"Alle wichtigen Geschäftsprozesse in Form eines Übersichtsdiagramms"

# 4. Product Functions

"Detailierung der Funktionen aus dem Lastenheft, ggfs. Gliederung nach Geschäftsprozessen, Listen, Reports"

# 5. Product Data

"Langfristig zu speichernden Daten aus Benutzersicht mit Mengengerüst"

# 6. Product Performance

"Leistungsanforderungen bzgl. Zeit oder Genauigkeit für Produktdaten"

# 7. Quality Requirements

"Qualitätsmerkmale und einzuhaltende Standards"

# 8. User Interface

"Anforderungen an die Interaktion mit dem Benutzer"

# 9. Non-functional Requirements

"Anforderungen, die sich nicht auf die Funktionalität oder Benutzerschnittstelle beziehen z.B. Barrierefreiheit, Einhaltung von Normen und Gesetzen, Zertifizierung, Sicherheit, Plattformunabhängigkeit"

# 10. Technical Product Environment
(bei Client/Server Systemen getrennt angeben)

## 10.1 Software

"Betriebssystem, Laufzeitumgebung, Datenbank, etc.)

## 10.2 Hardware

"CPU, Peripherie, minmale Konfiguration"

## 10.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

## 10.4 Product interfaces

(Interface for maintenance and integration)

# 11. Specific Requirements for development environment

## 11.1 Software

"Software-Werkzeuge und Fremdprodukte"

## 11.2 Hardware

## 11.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

## 11.4 Development interfaces

(Access to existing systems, e.g. to database)

# 12. Breakdown in Subproducts

"Teilprodukte aus Sicht des Auftraggebers und Reihenfolge, in der die Teile entwickelt werden"

# 13. Additions

"Z.B. Festlegung von Installationsbedingungen, etwa baulich und räumliche Voraussetzungen, Testdaten, Normen, Vorschriften, Patente, Lizenzen und externe Unterstützung"

</font>




## Usage & Outlook
As already indicated, the application will initially be used in the secretariat of the DHBW Friedrichshafen. This should reduce the workload on the staff by automating the time-consuming, manual checking of the "participant lists". This will free up capacities and allow the staff to focus on more important tasks.

In the future, with the approval of the DHBW, the current programm could be extended to include authentic signature recognition, which would be able to check signatures for correctness. With this extension, the DHBW could extend signature verification to all other DHBW locations, thus providing far-reaching workload reduction.












--- 
not implemented in the final Wiki yet: 

## Customer requirements
- Runs locally
- Mail Integration
- GDPR/DSGVO Compliance
- The secretary's office- Mrs. Schmidt says:
   - Highlight data of professor, room number and date
- IMAP/SMTP(?)


## Optional Features
- Dualis Integration
- Advertisement
  - Video
- Project Website (GitHub Pages)
- Welcome Page
 
## Specialized environment
- Fullstack development
- Image processing
- Security of sensitive data
- GDPR/DSGVO



## Customer requirements
- Ease of use
   - Settings Page
   - User Documentation: "Help in program"
- Performance
   - Should not influence normal system operation
- Runs locally
- Reliability
   - Image processing should have a convincing accuracy
   - Edge Cases should be displayed for the user to decide
- Mail Integration
- Automatic background processing
- UI
- OpenSource License
- GDPR/DSGVO Compliance
- The secretary's office- Mrs. Schmidt says:
   - Show list and visualize missing names + return missing names
   - Highlight data of professor, room number and date
- IMAP/SMTP(?)

  

-----

# Product description

## GUI
A user has to be able to navigate from every view to every other view via some way. There does not need to be a direct way in the navigation menu.
## Overview
The GUI consists of a main view containing an overview over the different courses with statistics of the current day. If there are no statistics for the current day, then show the latest statistics.
The overview contains a list showing every course. It gives the viewer a clear impression of what course it is. It does that by showing the full name of the course along with its short form (e.g. something like „Intelligente Systeme (TIK)“. 
For every course, it also displays the number of present and absent students. The color for displaying the number of missing students should be slightly highlighted in comparison to the number of present students.
It should also contain a button to export the list of students that are present and absent for every course. A similar button should be available to export the lists for all courses or a subset of courses. There have to be multiple options to export. Pressing the button executes a default action, but there is also a small menu to execute a different export action. The same menu should be able to change the default action.
This overview acts also as a to-do list for the secretariat. All unhandled evaluations of the attendance sheets are marked in the course list. An unhandled evaluation happens when the program evaluates a list but is unsure whether a student is signature field on the attendance sheet is valid or not. Entries that are marked, don’t update to show the latest statistics, they remain as they are. They are pushed to the bottom of the list, and a new entry with the latest statistics appears in their place. There is also an indicator that shows if there are entries that are marked as unhandled evaluations. When an unhandled evaluation is resolved, the marked entry disappears from the list.
When clicking on a course element in the overview list, a separate view giving more detailed statistics and information about the course.
## Course View
This view gives more detailed information about the course. It provides both current and historic data about the course. It contains a list of all students that were and are missing, together with the date. One should be able to view in a graph or a list, all students that are missing, present or a combinded dataset of the two options, or a subset of those.
## Student View
There is also a separate subview, which displays the students which are missing for the current day. One should be able to view in a graph or a list, all students that are missing, present or a combined dataset of the two options, or a subset of those.

## Unhandled Evaluation Resolution View
An unhandled evaluation occurs when a list is tried to be evaluated, i.e. it is checked which signatures are valid to determine which student are present, but the program is unsure if a signature is valid or not it marks the row of the signature on the attendance sheet as an unhandled evaluation.
This view mainly contains the image of the attendance sheet, where the attendance sheet is straigtened onto the screen and any parts of the image which are not the attendance sheet are removed.
For every marked row, a box is drawn around it. The user can interact with the row in such a way that they can select a row and then mark it either as valid or invalid. If the row is marked as valid, it means that the student is present, otherwise the student is absent.
All of these adjustments are temporary until the user presses the 'Commit' button, which will cause the changes to take effect. By this, the unhandled evaluation gets resolved.

## Exporting data
When exporting data from the application there are multiple options to choose the format of the data being exported. The main format for the application is to export the data as an attendance list in an Microsoft Excel file. The attendance list is a single table. It should have the following form:
| Course | Name | 22.11.2023 | 23.11.2023  | 24.11.2023  |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| TIT | M. Mustermann | Present | Present | Absent |
| TIK | M. Musterfrau | Present | Absent | Present |

The date columns show for each name, whether the student was present or absent. There is no reason to differentiate between students that were missing and were excused by the secretariat or students that were missing without reason. In both cases, students are marked „absent“. Making this differentiation is beyond the scope of the program.

## Opening the app
The GUI should only open if the user opens it. If the user opens it, it first shows the main page. The only other way to open the app is if the app sends a notification to the user that an unhandled evaluation has happend. When the user interacts with the notification it opens the app with the unhandled evaluation resolution screen. After that the user can close the GUI or continue.
If the user does not open the app via the notification the attendance sheet in question is marked as an unhandled evaluation.

## Configuring the App
All configuration options of the application must be accessible in the GUI itself, there should never be the need to edit a configuration file. Though to provide the possibility to setup the app on different computers with the same configuration, support for a file based configuration should also be added.

## Background task
When the GUI is closed the app itself should continue. In regular intervals it should check wether new attendance sheets have appeared and then process them. If unhandled evaluations occur, send a notification to the user, through which they can open the GUI, as described previously.
The application get its datasheets from the source. This source should be an e-mail mailbox, which is addressed via IMAP. IMAP itself must support both login through a simple username-password combination as well as via XOAuth2. The user should have to enter their login credentials only once, so they need to be stored securely on the local system. The login credentials should have to be changed later. If the app is uninstalled, all traces of the login credentials need to be destroyed.

### Attendance sheet processing
This is the main task done by the background task, therefore it is important that this runs smoothly and does not impact the usability of the PC of the user. This task processes an image of an attendance sheet, determines what signatures are considered valid and which are invalid. The default behavior for handling invalid signatures is to mark them as unhandled evaluations.
Signature fields should be considered invalid if
-	There is no signature in the field
-	There is more than one signature in the signature field
-	There is no actual signature in the field, there are only a few random lines by people not careless with their pencil
On the other hand, signature fields should be considered valid if
-	The signature consists of two names, but the signature is of the form firstname-family name
-	If there are two signatures in the field, but one is crossed out (this is optional to implement)

### Image Processing

- Paper sheet detection
- Reverse perspective transform
- Table detection
- Row/Column detection
- Printed text detection (left column)
- Detection of valid signature fields (only one signature per field, no overlaps, can it qualify as a signature)
- Extraction of list of user and if valid signature is present
-->