# Product Model


<font color = "red"> 

# 1. Functional Views

## 1.1 Functional Trees

View the Functional Tree [here](https://github.com/DHBW-SE-2023/YAAC/blob/DONT-MERGE-graphs/graph_yaac.svg).

## 1.2 Use Cases

[Diagramm](/Diagrams/UseCaseDiagram.uxf)
<!--
- Name: Was wird getan?
- Goal: Globale Zielsetzung bei erfolgreicher Ausführung
- Category: Primär/Sekundär
- Precondition: Erwarteter Zustand vor Beginn des Use Cases
- Postcondition: Erwarteter Zustand nach Use Case
- Case of Error: Erwarteter Zustand wenn Fehler X auftritt
- Actors: Eingebundene Rollen
- Triggering Event: Ereignis, das den Geschäftsprozess startet
- Description: Textuelle Beschreibung des Standardfalls
- Extension: Textuelle Beschreibung
- Alternatives: Alternative Verarbeitungen

Prozessdarstellung aus Sicht des Akteurs; Dient der Kommunikation mit Auftraggeber, keine internen Strukturen oder Details, Standardfall immer vollständig spezifizieren, max 1 Seite Beschreibung, Fokus auf (Standard)Abläufe; nicht Funktionen
-->

- Name: check students attendance of today
- Goal: View todays attendance lists
- Category: primary
- Precondition: user connected their email to YAAC, there is an attendance list of today's date
- Postcondition: -
- Case of Error: -
- Actors: user
- Triggering Event: open YAAC
- Description: user opens YAAC, chooses the course, checks attendance of today
- Extension: the user opens the application YAAC and chooses the course either on the overview or on the course view page. By clicking on the course, the today's attendance list will be visible. If there is no list of the current day, no list will be displayed.

- Name: lookup students attendance of past days
- Goal: View attendance list of a day in the past
- Category: primary
- Precondition: user connected their email to YAAC, there is an attendance list of that day's date
- Postcondition: -
- Case of Error: -
- Actors: user
- Triggering Event: open YAAC
- Description: user opens YAAC, chooses the course and date in the past, checks attendance of that day
- Extension: the user opens the application YAAC and chooses the course either on the overview or on the course view page. After choosing the course, the date can be chosen next and the attendance list of that day will be viewed. If there is no list of the chosen date, no list will be displayed. 

- Name: add attendance list manually
- Goal: Add attendance list manually using YAAC's frontend
- Category: secondary
- Precondition: user connected their email to YAAC, user is in possession of a attendance list that is not yet implemented in YAAC
- Postcondition: -
- Case of Error: -
- Actors: user
- Triggering Event: open YAAC
- Description: user opens YAAC, clicks on + Button on the overview page, selects course and image
- Extension: the user opens the application YAAC and navigates to the overview page of the app. On the upper right corner is a red button with a white plus on it. By clicking on that button, a popup-window appears where the user can enter the course of the list he wants to add. The next step is to load the image of the list before confirming the entry with a click on "Beenden". After that, the image will be processed, saved in the database and it will appear on the proper place of the application.

- Name: correct/confirm attendance list
- Goal: Correct and/or confirm attendance list
- Category: secondary
- Precondition: user connected their email to YAAC, there is an attendance list of that day's date
- Postcondition: -
- Case of Error: -
- Actors: user
- Triggering Event: open YAAC
- Description: user opens YAAC, chooses course and date, selects "Liste bearbeiten", adjusts attendances, clicks okay
- Extension: the user opens the application YAAC and chooses both course and date of the attendance list he wants to edit. On the course view there's a dropdown menu on the right hand side called "Listenkonfiguration". By clicking the menu and choosing "Liste anzeigen", the user is able to look at the original image of the list to double check if the image processing unit of YAAC made a mistake. In the very unlikely case of finding a mistake, or if a student came to the secretary's office in person to show their attendance, the user can edit the attendance list by clicking "Liste bearbeiten" on the already mentioned dropdown menu. There the user can easily check or uncheck the student's attendances before confirming their edit. After confirmation, the changes will be saved on the database and viewed on YAAC.


## 1.3 Dataflow Diagrams

# 2. Object Oriented

Formulierung von
- Assoziationen (Beziehungen zwischen Objekten)
- Kardinalitäten (Anzahl von assoziierten Objekten)
- Aggregationen (Sonderfall einer Assoziation)
- Kompositionen (Interaktion von Objekten)
- Kommunikationsreihenfolge
- Sequentielle Darstellung

## 2.1 Component Diagram (CSD)

[here](/Diagrams/ComponentDiagram.uxf)
[oder da](/Diagrams/ComponentDiagram2.uxf)

## 2.2 Sequence Diagram (SD)

## 2.3 Communication Diagram (CD)

# 3. Algorithmic

## 3.1 Control Structures

Verwendete Typen: 
- Sequenzen
- Selektion
- Repetition
- Aufruf anderer Algorithmen
Mögliche Darstellung als Pseudocode oder Struktogramm

## 3.2 Decision Tables

- Fassen Vorbedingungen und Aktionen zusammen
- Entscheidungstabellen sind formal vollständig, wenn alle Kombinationen der Bedingungen beschrieben sind
- Entscheidungstabellen sind inhaltlich vollständig, wenn alle Problemkompinationen aufgeführt sind

# 4. Stateful

## 4.1 Automates

State Machines (SM), objectorientated (cmp. UML)

## 4.2 Petri Nets

- gerichtete Graphen
- besitzen 2 Knoten: Stelle (Zustand), Transition (Zustandsübergang)
- Stellen können 2 Token aufnehmen
- Transition dann ausgeführt, wenn jede der Eingabestellen einen Token besitzt
- toben der Eingabestellen werden bei Ausführung entfernt
- Ausgebestellen wird Token hinzugefügt

# 5. Analysis Methods

## 5.1 Object Orientated

- Analysephase zur Identifikation von Use Cases und Komponenten
- Erstellung statischer Modelle, dazu Identifikation von:
Klassen, Assoziationen, Attributen, Vererbungsstrukturen, Mustern
- Anschließend Erstellung dynamischer Modelle: Szenarien (Sequenzdiagramme, Kommunikationsdiagramme), Zustandsautomaten, Operationen
- Ziel: umfangreiches UML Modell über Systemverhalten vorliegen zu haben

## 5.2 Structured

## 5.3 Real-time Orientated




</font>







<!--

Processing step:

- Email integration
- Image Processing
- User interface
- Database

## Email Integration

A user sends an email to the secretary's office. As the project runs in the background, YAAC detects the new mail as an attendance list by checking the subject of the mail which contains specific phrases like "Anwesenheitsliste", "Anwesenheit", "Liste". If one of these phrases has been found, YAAC checks if the mail has an image as attachment. After confirming this, the image will be extracted from the mail

## Image Processing


## User Interface

T

## Database

"Ein Produktmodell beschreibt, was eine Dienstleistung leistet (nicht wie)"
- Beschreibung der Leistung
- Festlegung der Stammdaten
- Definition von Modulen"

[S. 15](https://hdms.bsz-bw.de/frontdoor/deliver/index/docId/275/file/Diplomarbeit.PDF)
-->