# User Manual

Must be written/reviewed again after project was finished

<font color=red>

## YAAC

YAAC is a desktop app designed for the secretary's offices at the DHBW Friedrichshafen. It simplifies the process of checking the student's attendance and is by your side all day - every day.

## Preconditions

The application YAAC requires a PC with either linux, macOS or Windows as an operating system. The recommended environment is a PC with linux.
As YAAC is installed by using a docker container, the computer should be able to use them and have access to virtualization. Further, the computer's CPU/GPYU generation should be newer than the 7th generation. It should also have 8GB of RAM.

The user also needs to be in possession of an email account.

## Administrative Permissions

To use the app the way it was designed to be used, YAAC has to be granted access to the part of the user's file system that contains the images needed for the application.


## App Start



## How to use YAAC

The student who is the course representative sends an email to the secretary's office in which he conveys a photo of the classes attendance list of the day. The subject must contain at least one of the following phrases: "Anwesenheitsliste", "Anwesenheit", "Liste".

If there is none of these phrases in the subject of the mail or if there is no image attached, YAAC will remain waiting in the background for mails which fulfill both requirements. When an email is written the right way, the image is extracted from the mail and gets analyzed by AI. The image processing will return its output directly into the user interface, where the secretary can view both the analyzed and the original image.

The welcome page of the UI notifies the user of how many lists arrived since they checked the app the last time. After acknowledging the message, the user is directed to the project's main page. Here, all courses are shown. If the course's list of the day was already sent to the secretary's office, there's an icon that indicates the arrival of a list of each course. By clicking the icon, a pop-up view is shown as original image and analyzed image. In this view, the user can verify and acknowledge the outcome and, in the unlikely event of a wrong result, can amend mistakes. Afterward, a button directs you back to the page you visited previously.

The button in the upper right corner of the home view allows the user to import lists outside the framework of mail implementation. A popup-window opens where an image of the document folders can be chosen and uploaded. To complete the step, the user has to click on the import button. Otherwise, the window can be closed by using the closing-"X"-symbol in the upper right corner.

If no list of a course is imported on one day, none of the students will be reported as missing or present at that date.

By clicking on a course, the application navigates to the course view. Another way to get there is by using the sidebar menu. In the course view, you can switch in between the courses and see which students are attendant. It is also possible to select a past date to view the course's attendance there. The names of the students are listed alphabetically in a table and the missing students are and are highlighted in red in the column on the right hand side. A dropdown menu in the right upper corner allows the user to view, edit or add a list to the currently viewed course.

By clicking on a name on the list, the user is directed to the student view. The clicked name equals the student that will be viewed there. Another way to get to this view is by using the sidebar menu. In this case, the user selects the course using a dropdown menue after which the chosen course list appears from which the user can click on the searched for student. The single student view shows all absences in numeric order. The latest absences are shown first.

The settings view can be reached over its button in the sidebar menu. Another sidebar menu opens where the different subpages are listed. In "General", information can be found about the YAAC project team. The option "Database" allows the user to access and modify YAAC's database. YAAC's Wiki pages are linked under "Wiki" and the legal information contains details about data security, regulations and a contact of the project team.









1. Textuelle Beschreibung der Nutzung des Produkts
2. Erg채nzt einen Prototyp der Benutzerschnittstelle (und formalisiert diesen)
3. Unterst체tzt die Einbindung des Nutzers zu einem fr체hen Zeitpunkt in seiner Sprache
4. Kann in sp채teren Phasen wiederverwendet werden


</font>