# Functional Specifications (Pflichtenheft)
<font color = "red"> 

## Description of Product 
- good readability
- created right after planning phase

## Product Requirements
- distinct identification
- adequately detailed
- Unambiguous
- testable
- atomic

## As Standardized as Possible
- IEEE SRS
- IEEE Standard 830

----

</font>

# 1. Definition of Goals

This section defines the criteria YAAC has to accomplish. By differentiating between obligatory and desirably criteria, it is made clear which of them are essential goals for the project and which are somewhat "nice-to-have". There also will be a separation of criteria that YAAC does not wish to fulfill. Therefore, the set limitations of are marked out.

## 1.1 Obligatory Criteria

The following criteria has to be implicated as they ensure the YAAC's stable use. If one or multiple criteria do not work, YAAC cannot be used reliably. 

<font color = "red"> 

### General

As YAAC is supposed to replace a boring part of the attendance-check-process, it needs to be easy to use without any over complex features. The application has to have a settings page in which various settings and alterations can be implemented in a precise manner. 
The program performance should not influence normal system operation. It also needs to run locally on the computer (?) and it has to be able to keep its process automatically alive while working in the background so that mails can detected at all time. YAAC was built as an open source project, which is why it is important to fulfill all requirements of an open source license. The license does not necessarily have to be a specific one.

### Mail Integration

The mail integration must work reliably.

### Image Processing

Image processing needs to run reliably. As the user usually will trust on the program's output, image processing should have a convincing accuracy. It also needs to display all kinds of edge cases so that the user can decide the final outcome.

### HMI

The HMI is an user interface. YAAC is available as an application for desktop systems (WHAT KINDS?). The UI has fixed [design guidelines](/Pages/FrontendDesignguidelines.md) and needs a clear structure and a simple handling. The user experience should be good. The lists should be shown both as original picture and as analyzed picture. The missing names should be visualized directly so that the most important information is easily accessible. 

</font>

## 1.2 Optional Criteria

As this section's criteria is not needed for assuring a reliable app usage, it will not necessarily be implemented into YAAC. However, their implementation would benefit YAAC's user experience.

### General

Some sort of user documentation would be helpful. As it is a prototype, there exists no experience of how to handle the app the best, therefore a help-page in the program would be beneficial. On the other hand, YAAC is supposed to be easy to use, therefore it should be self explanatory, which makes the user documentation optional again.
Another possible feature is making a project website on GitHub Pages and including a welcome page for the application itself. An advertisement video would be a great addition to the project because it would also function as an introductory video.

Another optional feature is a backup of YAAC's database. Concerning data integrity, a database backup should be necessarily implemented, but as the images can still be found in the user's inbox and the output data (the missing students) have to be written down in another university owned program, all data is already stored elsewhere. The backup could be done by implementing the database in a cloud service. Therefore the backup would be a nice to have, but it is not a strictly essential for the program. 

<font color = "red">

## 1.3 Differentiation/Separation of Criteria

YAAC does not aim for replacing neither the human at the workplace nor the whole attendance checking process. It is seen as a complement to the current attendance checking workflow to improve its effectivity.
</font>

# 2. Usage of Product

The following section defines YAAC's field of application, target audience and operating conditions.


## 2.1 Field of Application

YAAC was specifically designed for the usage at the computer science department of the university DHBW Ravensburg Campus Friedrichshafen. As the attendance checking process is quite specific, therefore YAAC is only suitable for a limited field of application.
It is possible to use it at other departments of the same university after slightly adjusting some features. 

## 2.2 Target Audience

The main user of YAAC is the secretary's office as they are the ones who assess the lists. In a way, the student's course representatives are somewhat of a user as well but they feed input into the application without them knowing, therefore they are not intentionally using the project.

<font color = "red"> 

## 2.3 Operating Conditions

(phys. Umgebung, tägl. Betriebszeit, Beaufsichtigen des laufenden Systems)
YAAC supports the operating systems Windows, Linux and MacOS. To be able to detect incoming mails at all time, the program runs in the background even if it is not actively used.

# 3. Product Overview

"Alle wichtigen Geschäftsprozesse in Form eines Übersichtsdiagramms"

# 4. Product Functions

"Detailierung der Funktionen aus dem Lastenheft, ggfs. Gliederung nach Geschäftsprozessen, Listen, Reports"

# 5. Product Data

"Langfristig zu speichernden Daten aus Benutzersicht mit Mengengerüst"

# 6. Product Performance

"Leistungsanforderungen bzgl. Zeit oder Genauigkeit für Produktdaten"

# 7. Quality Requirements

"Qualitätsmerkmale und einzuhaltende Standards"

# 8. User Interface

"Anforderungen an die Interaktion mit dem Benutzer"

# 9. Non-functional Requirements

"Anforderungen, die sich nicht auf die Funktionalität oder Benutzerschnittstelle beziehen z.B. Barrierefreiheit, Einhaltung von Normen und Gesetzen, Zertifizierung, Sicherheit, Plattformunabhängigkeit"

# 10. Technical Product Environment
(bei Client/Server Systemen getrennt angeben)

## 10.1 Software

"Betriebssystem, Laufzeitumgebung, Datenbank, etc.)

## 10.2 Hardware

"CPU, Peripherie, minmale Konfiguration"

## 10.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

## 10.4 Product interfaces

(Interface for maintenance and integration)

# 11. Specific Requirements for development environment

## 11.1 Software

"Software-Werkzeuge und Fremdprodukte"

## 11.2 Hardware

## 11.3 Organizational Limiting Conditions

## 11.4 Development interfaces

(Access to existing systems, e.g. to database)

# 12. Breakdown in Subproducts

"Teilprodukte aus Sicht des Auftraggebers und Reihenfolge, in der die Teile entwickelt werden"

# 13. Additions

"Z.B. Festlegung von Installationsbedingungen, etwa baulich und räumliche Voraussetzungen, TEstdaten, Normen, Vorschriften, Patente, Lizenzen und externe Unterstützung"

</font>















--- 
not implemented in the final Wiki yet: 

## Customer requirements
- Runs locally
- Mail Integration
- GDPR/DSGVO Compliance
- The secretary's office- Mrs. Schmidt says:
   - Highlight data of professor, room number and date
- IMAP/SMTP(?)


## Optional Features
- Dualis Integration
 
## Specialized environment
- Fullstack development
- Image processing
- Security of sensitive data
- GDPR/DSGVO