# Building Block View


<font color = red>
Software Baustein

abgeschlossener, binärer Baustein (lib, dll, exe,...)

gruppierte Funktionalität, welche anwendungsorientiert ist, semantisch zusammengehörend ist, über Schnittstellen zugreifbar ist, wiederverwendbar ist

Komponentenbasierte Softwareentwicklung:
- Schnelle, preiswerte Softwareentwicklung
- visuelle Entwicklung mit CASE Tools möglich
- Komponenten werden für den Einsatz ggf. konfiguriert
- Bsp.: Klassenbibliotheken, Web services, Micro services

</font>

YAAC breaks down in three (OR FOUR???) subsystems as presented below. 

<font color = green>
DIAGRAM

</font>

Subsystems:

- Mail Integration: Searches all incoming mails for the keywords in the subject and extracts the images
- Image Processing: Analyzes and processes all extracted images and sends output towards the database
- Database: Stores all output data.
- UI(???)

---

## Mail Integration

### Intent/Responsibility

This subsystem implements the connection with the mail server to intercept the incoming mails amd find the ones relevant to YAAC. The project uses the IMAP protocol. It fetches the incoming mail and checks if the subject includes words like "Liste" (list), "Anwesenheit" (attendance), "Anwesenheitsliste"(attendance list). If that is the case, the attachement of the mail is extracted and sent to the building block image processing.

### Interfaces

### Files

### Open Issues

## Image Processing

### Intend/Responsibility

The image processing building block gets the extracted image from mail integration. At first, it 

 it indentifies the 

### Interfaces

### Files

### Open Issues

## Database

### Intent/Responsibility

### Interfaces

### Files

### Open Issues