# Finding the Table (WhiteBox)

## Intent/Responsibility
This subpart of the image processing is responsible for correctly identifying the contour of signature table on the attendance sheet. 
Furthermore, as the image is rarely showing the attendance list from a straight top-down view (orthogonal view), the image needs to be transformed in such a way that the resulting image only shows the signature table from an orthogonal view. The orthogonal view is important, as it makes further processing of the image easier, because the contours of rectangles are now equal to their bounding boxes.

## Functions

|**Function**|**Short description**|
|---|---|
|FindTable|Find the table in an image. It warps the image accordingly.|

## Explanation
To find the table the image is first preprocessed, where the the image is grayscaled and denoised. This is a common first step in processing an image, as it removes some artifacts and unnecessary colour information. 

As the next large step is to transform the perspective of the image, the location of the attendance list in the image needs to be found. To achieve this the [Canny edge detection](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canny_edge_detector) algorithm is applied to the image and now that only the edges remain as a binary image, contour detection is applied to it.

To find the sheet of paper every contour is approximated as a polygon. Of these polygons only the ones with four edges are further considered and the largest rectangle (maximum area) is found.
As the last step we construct the destination rectangle with the width and height of the paper sheet in the image (both are simply calculated with Pythagoras' theorem), and warp the perspective based on the max. rectangle as the origin rectangle and the destination rectangle.

## Files
The code for this module can be found in `internal/backend/imgproc`.

## Open Issues
- Finding the largest rectangle does not work if the image shows a white attendance sheet on a dark background, opposed to a white attendance list on a white background. This is due to `FindTable` assuming that the largest rectangle is the signature table. If the background is not white, the largest rectangle will be the paper sheet itself.

