# Parsing the table (WhiteBox)

## Intent/Responsibility
The intent of this subpart of the image processing is to find the cells in the table and augment the table with further information. The augmention means that for every cell in the second column is passed to the [Tesseract](https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract) character recognition. The second column contains the printed names of the students for each row. The first row is considered the header, where the title of the list (like "Intelligente Systeme TIK22") resides. One part of parsing the table is also extracting the course label (like "TIK22") from the header.

This part of the image processing is **not** responsible for the signature validation.

## Functions

|**Function**|**Short description**|
|---|---|
|PrepareImage|Prepare the image for further use.|
|ParseTable|Parse an image of a table, saving the rows and columns as well as the prepared image.|

|**Method (Table)**|**Short description**|
|---|---|
|Review|Extract the names of the students in the name column (second column) and save them for each row.|

## Explanation
To parse the table it is inverted and then with large horizontal and vertical kernels (aka. matrices, 1xM and Nx1 respectively) the image is [opened](https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/d9/d61/tutorial_py_morphological_ops.html), thus retaining only the horizontal and vertical lines of the table (e.g. lines that are large enough to fit one of the two kernels inside them), but masking out everything else. This is done by applying every kernel once, resulting in one image containing only the horizontal parts and one image containing only the vertical parts.

Afterwards the resulting images are combined and the contours can be extracted. The contours are then converted to bounding rectangles. Horizontally adjacent rectangles are combined into rows. To guarantee the correct order of the rows and the columns inside the rows, they are ordered by their y-coordinate and x-coordinate, respectively.

Every row not containing three rows is skipped, as it is considered malformed. The remaining rows are saved into a table struct.

## Files
The code for this module can be found in `internal/backend/imgproc`.

## Open Issues
None