# Validating the Signatures (WhiteBox)

## Intent/Responsibility
After parsing the table it is necessary to validate the signature fields for every student to ensure that they are present. 
This is the task of this subpart of the image processing pipeline. It deducts from a set of certain rules, whether a signature 
field can be considered valid or invalid.

## Functions

|**Function**|**Short description**|
|---|---|
|PrepareImage|Prepare the image for further use.|
|ValidateSignature|Checks whether the signature(s) contained in an image are valid. If more than one is present, it is invalid.|

|**Method (Table)**|**Short description**|
|---|---|
|Review|Extract the names of the students in the name column (second column) and save them for each row.|

## Explanation

### Validation Rules
The validation process follows a simple set of rules:
- A signature field is considered valid iff. one signature is present.
- A signature candidate must have a certain size: 
    - width >= 10% of signature field 
    - height >= 50% of sig. field height 
- Signature candidates that have a x/y-distance of less than 1% of the signature field width/height are considered to be part of the same signature (dx, dy <= 1% of sig. field width, height).

### Image processing
For every student a subregion of the signature field is taken. This subregion is a bit smaller than the original signature field bounding box, 
but this is necessary to crop out any parts of the lines of the table grid. These worsen the character recognition. 
After that the contours of the signature(s) are found, they are converted to bounding rectangles for easier processing.

Some parts of the signature might not be connected, but the parts of the signature are so close that it is reasonable to assume that they belong to the same signature. Therefore the bounding boxes close enough to each other are merged.

These bounding boxes are than filtered, to remove any that is to small to be considered a signature.
The signature field is considered valid if only one large enough bounding box for a signature remains.

## Files
The code for this module can be found in `internal/backend/imgproc`.

## Open Issues
- Validation, no verification: It is only checked whether a signature is present, the signature is not compared with past signatures to ensure that the signer is the same person.