# Description
Test User B has no connections regarding the DHBW and is technically completely unexperienced. The main focus regarding the users technical experience being some work with tools in a teaching enviroment.

In respect to the users technical experience and knowledge we expect the user to navigate intuitively and complete all tasks without any problems. 

### Task 1 General purpose
- Objective: See if YAAC is as intuitiely and user friendly as expected
- [x] The user is aware of the general purpose
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate between each page
- [x] The user understands the general meaning and purpose of each settings page

- note: the user didn't fully understand the purpose of the mail server, but this mainly due to being technically unexperienced.

### Task 2 Upload attendance list
- Objectives: Test the functionality of uploading attendance lists into YAAC.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button (Halbwegs)
- [x] The user is able to figure out on his own what inputs are required
- [ ] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The respective course gets added
- [x] The list gets succesfully processed and the Overview Page is refreshed
- [x] The user understands what the newly created widget displays 

-note: User directly figured out where to verify after uploading list, but didnt't instantly get the purpose of the names.
Since we expect the user to read the user manual and then interact with the UI, we believe that this wouldn't be the case if the user would've read the manual.

### Task 3 Execute a manual mail refresh
- Objectives: Test the functionality of manually starting a demon run.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button 
- [x] A confirmation notification gets displayed
- [x] The newly added mail in the mail servers inbox gets pulled
- [x] The newly added list gets processed and a new widget is displayd on the overviee page

- note: To find the button a small hint was needed, but we believe when reading the user manual this wouldn't be the case anymore.

### Task 4 Update attendance list
- Objectives: Test the functionality of updating an attendance list.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user understand on it's own how to interact with the verfiication view 
- [x] The user is able to update certain attendancies and can verify that they were updated

- note: the currently provided description wasn't helpful for the user

### Task 5 Display Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying course attendancies.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to display certain courses
- [x] The chosen course as well as each attendancie get's displayed
- [x] The user understands on it's own the displayed information

### Task 6 Add Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of adding just a course.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required
- [x] The defined course gets created succesfully

### Task 7 Add Already Existing Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of error handling when adding new courses.
- [x] The user isn't able to add an already existing course
- [x] An error window gets displayed
- [x] The user understands what the displayed error means ==> more or less


### Task 8 Interact with the course configuration
- Objectives: Test the functionality of using the course configuration dropdown.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user is able to open the verification and update a certain course
- [x] The user is able to open the Display Window and display a certain attendancy list
- [x] The user is able to open the Upload Window and upload an updated list

### Task 9 Display Student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying student attendancies.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to display certain students
- [x] The chosen student as well as each attendancie get's displayed
- [x] The user understands on it's own the displayed information

### Task 10 Add Student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of adding new students.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required
- [x] The chosen student gets updated and can be verified

### Task 11 Add Alreday existing student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of error handling when adding new students.
- [ ] The user isn't able to add an already existing student
- [ ] An error window gets displayed
- [] The user understands what the displayed error means

### Task 12 Update Mail Settings
- Objectives: Test the functionality of updating mail settings
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required 
- [x] The user is able to sucessfully update the mail settings and can verify them to be running

- note: As already mentioned the user wasn't aware of what the mail server exactly does

### Task 13 Reset Mail Settings
- Objectives: Test the functionality of resetting mail settings
- [x] The user is able to sucessfully reset the mail settings and can verify them to be running afterwards

### Task 14 WIKI Navigation
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying the WIKI
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to navigate between WIKI pages

## Result:
All of the tested core functionalities were sucessfully tested and are running without any errors. 
Regarding the Add Already existing student, we immediately took respective steps and fixed the problem with a hotfix. 
In Regards to user friendliness in most areas the user was able to navigate and interact 
intuitively with the UI. There were certain problems which were mostly caused by missing technical experience on the user side(for example Email Server). 
To help with this issue we added a description as help for unexperienced users. 

In conclusion we'd consider this to be an successfull test! 