# Description
Test User C has previously studied at the dhbw and has medium technical experience. The main focus regarding the users technical experience are word processing and light programming tasks.

In respect to the users technical experience and knowledge we expect the user to navigate intuitively and complete all tasks without any problems. 

### Task 1 General purpose
- Objective: See if YAAC is as intuitively and user friendly as expected
- [ ] The user is aware of the general purpose
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate between each page
- [x] The user understands the general meaning and purpose of each settings page

Before being told the purpose of the application to collect and manage attendance lists the user did not understand the propose of the application. With this minimal knowledge the user did intuitively understand most features with the exception of the mail sync.

### Task 2 Upload attendance list
- Objectives: Test the functionality of uploading attendance lists into YAAC.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user is able to figure out on his own what inputs are required
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The respective course gets added
- [x] The list gets successfully processed and the Overview Page is refreshed
- [x] The user understands what the newly created widget displays

The confirmation of the lists attendance was needed which rendered the list in red. This was understood by the user because she read the manual but changing the status needed trial and error.

### Task 3 Execute a manual mail refresh
- Objectives: Test the functionality of manually starting a demon run.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] A confirmation notification gets displayed
- [x] The newly added mail in the mail servers inbox gets pulled
- [x] The newly added list gets processed and a new widget is displayed on the overview page


### Task 4 Update attendance list
- Objectives: Test the functionality of updating an attendance list.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user understand on it's own how to interact with the verification view
- [x] The user is able to update certain attendances and can verify that they were updated

### Task 5 Display Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying course attendances.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to display certain courses
- [x] The chosen course as well as each attendances get's displayed
- [x] The user understands on it's own the displayed information

### Task 6 Add Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of adding just a course.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required
- [x] The defined course gets created successfully

### Task 7 Add Already Existing Course 
- Objectives: Test the functionality of error handling when adding new courses.
- [x] The user isn't able to add an already existing course
- [x] An error window gets displayed
- [x] The user understands what the displayed error means

The error is understood but not in a language most users would expect (UNIQUE Constraint).


### Task 8 Interact with the course configuration
- Objectives: Test the functionality of using the course configuration dropdown.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user is able to open the verification and update a certain course
- [x] The user is able to open the Display Window and display a certain attendance list
- [x] The user is able to open the Upload Window and upload an updated list

### Task 9 Display Student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying student attendances.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to display certain students
- [x] The chosen student as well as each attendances get's displayed
- [x] The user understands on it's own the displayed information

### Task 10 Add Student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of adding new students.
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective button
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required
- [x] The chosen student gets updated and can be verified

The user was surprised by the need to enter a course for the new student even when a course was selected in the course view. In the future the application should add a new student directly to a course if a course is already locked in using the course view.

### Task 11 Add Already existing student
- Objectives: Test the functionality of error handling when adding new students.
- [] The user isn't able to add an already existing student
- [] An error window gets displayed
- [] The user understands what the displayed error means

This test failed a student (name) can be added several times (two people can have the same name).

### Task 12 Update Mail Settings
- Objectives: Test the functionality of updating mail settings
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user isn't able to bulk insert/insert invalid inputs
- [x] The user understands on it's own which inputs are required
- [x] The user is able to successfully update the mail settings and can verify them to be running

### Task 13 Reset Mail Settings
- Objectives: Test the functionality of resetting mail settings
- [ ] The user is able to successfully reset the mail settings and can verify them to be running afterwards

The button did not work.

### Task 14 WIKI Navigation
- Objectives: Test the functionality of displaying the WIKI
- [x] The user is able to intuitively navigate to the respective page
- [x] The user understands on it's own how to navigate between WIKI pages