# Yet Another Attendance Checker - Why?

Okay, we have to admit it- there are lots and lots of different attendance checker all over the internet and maybe - but only maybe - our project wouldn't have been necessary if our university had decided that it is okay to mark our attendance of the day in a digital manner. But as we live in Germany and all of the bureaucracy of course and definitely has a very important reason, these lots and lots of different attendance checkers are not suitable for the way the DHBW handles the submission of attendance lists.

The way it is done here in Friedrichshafen is, that the course representative fills out a [pre-written attendance list](LINK IMAGE FROM EXAMPLE) with today's date, course abbreviation and room number. They then sign the list and hand it to their course mates who also sign it, give it to the next person and so on.. When all present students signed the sheet, the course representative sends a photo of it via email to the secretaries office. The secretary then checks if all students are present for the day based on the attendance list. If a student is missing, they note their absence to that student's file.

As there are four different computer science courses each year of which two years attend university at the same time,, there are six lists in total that the secretary has to analyze each day. If you calculate five minutes of effort to check each list, the secretary spends 30 minutes each day only on validating the attendance lists. That is 2.5 hours of work each week wasted on bureaucracy.

Seeing this amount of time, we designed and implemented YAAC - Yet Another Attendance Checker - as an application which collects the lists arriving by email and analyzes them. It detects the signatures connected to the student's names and reports the missing students while also saving the data in its own database. The user can look at the analyzed data and if necessary at the original attendance list of each course. Thanks to YAAC's own database, the lists can viewed on a subsequent date as well. By using the "Student View", the extracted information is shown sorted by each student.

